USHIOH: What's this? A nice view?
SOU: Isn't this the beach
we're on right now?
SHINPEI: Yeah, looks like it.
Shinpei?
(chuckles)
Or Mio, I guess.
Or whoever else might be watching.
USHIO: Anyways,
I'll just assume it's Shinpei.
If you are watching this video, Shinpei,
it means I'm not living
-in this world anymore.
-(gasps)
GIRL: Oh, come on, clearly,
you just wanted to say that line.
How'd you know?
GIRL: Well, I know myself pretty well.
Come here. Let's both be in it,
come over here for a second.
SHINPEI: What...
Over here, this good?
A little to the left.
-SHINPEI: Is that Ushio and her shadow?
-USHIO: No, that's too much.
That's perfect. There.
SHINPEI: What do you think you're doing?
Shinpei.
Listen carefully. Are you ready?
USHIO: My shadow and I are the only ones
who can unlock this cell phone.
That can only mean one thing,
my shadow's with you right now.
Uh...
BOTH: Oh, by the way,
can you tell us apart?
Hey, stop! I'm trying to talk here, okay?
-The one on the left?
-USHIOH: It's me. I'm her.
-USHIO: No, it's me. I'm me.
-Or on the right?
-USHIO: Knock if off. I'm the real one.
-It seems like they get along.
-USHIO: None of this really matters!
-None of this really matters!
-USHIO: Because we're both me.
-Because we're both me.
-Huh?
-USHIO: Well, I'm sure you know by now,
but that version of me isn't evil
or dangerous like the other shadows.
She's on your side,
she wants to help, I promise.
Listen to my shadow, she'll explain
the details and clear things up,
but I felt like I should tell you,
I wanted you to hear it from me first.
So that's why I'm making this video.
Okay now, where to begin?
Right. Well, it all started with Shiori.
(static)
(theme music)
I'm telling you, it's more than just
some look-alike, okay?
I'm pretty sure that someone
followed me home from school today, too.
What, you mean like a stalker?
Be careful. Should I let Totsumura know?
Totsumura can't help with this!
I know it's that girl.
Uh, hey, Sis? is this the right medicine
for Dad's athlete's foot?
Yeah, you got it, that's it.
You're not even listening to me!
I should charge you double!
Hey, what's going on? What's the problem?
SHIORI: Forget it, see ya later.
-(zaps)
-Huh?
(gasps)
USHIO: Mio, look.
Huh?
(gasps)
Who are you?
-Huh?
-(static)
USHIO: Uh, wait!
Did I lose her? Huh?
Ah...
MIO: Shadow...
Huh?
It's more than just some look-alike.
(gasps)
A shadow?
USHIO: Yeah, okay, Shiori, we'll look
into your story about the look-alike.
Oh! So you decided to believe me?
That's right,
so you don't need to worry anymore.
(chuckles)
KARIKIRI: Folks, the Omotohama cleanup day
is drawing to a close!
Thanks to you, the beach is spotless,
in time for the big opening tomorrow.
We will burn all the trash collected today
at the upcoming Omiokuri event.
Okay, everyone, we'll see you
at the summer festival on July 24th!
KOFUNE
USHIO AND MIO: Rock, paper, scissors...
Ready? And shoot!
Yay! I get to go first!
(chuckles)
Can I ask you something?
Do you think Shin-chan
will be back this summer?
Huh? Whatever, who cares
if he never comes back!
MIO: Yeah, right, I know you like him.
(grunts)
You can't lie.
You really like Shin-chan, don't you?
Ah...
-You don't know what you're talking about.
-Wait, stop it...
Now, move, 'cause I'm going to
take a bath first!
MIO: Okay, go ahead, Sis.
USHIO: Shinpei... I wonder
what he's doing right now?
Ugh! Whatever, who cares?
Doesn't matter. Forget him.
USHIO: Oh.
Uh, uh...
-Oh, hi there.
-(gasps)
Mio!
(shushes)
(muffled grunting)
-(muffled screaming)
-(stomps)
(groaning)
(both panting)
Who are you? What are you?
Ow, you won't listen to anything I say.
Did you follow us from Omotohama?
My name's Ushio Kofune.
And I live here.
Everyone knows this is my house!
Then, why... why were you hiding in here?
Well, because you were with Mio.
So are you...
BOTH: Do you know about shadows?
-Huh?
-You're the shadow.
USHIO: Huh? What is going on?
Just wait a second. If shadows
really do exist like they say...
(gasps)
BOTH: Shiori's shadow must be
somewhere on the island, too!
This doesn't feel right.
Huh?
USHIOH: Didn't Shiori say
that she first saw her shadow
up on Mount Takanosu somewhere?
We should probably check it out,
shouldn't we?
Yeah, I guess.
I'll just have to deal with you later.
Why are you following me?
You're the one who's following.
I promised Shiori that I'd look into this,
then she can stop worrying,
and put her mind at ease.
If you try anything funny
or make one wrong move,
I'll take you down, understand?
(sighs)
USHIO: Can't find any leads.
I'm almost out of time today.
I need to hike down before it gets dark.
-USHIOH: Hey, come here.
-Hm?
KEEP OUT
USHIOH: Look.
There's a trail right over there.
Now, I totally want to go for a hike.
I know, right?
(ominous music)
Ah...
USHIO: Oh, hey, this must be
the old clinic Sou's family owned.
HISHIGATA CLINIC
USHIO: Rumor has it
that this old run-down clinic is haunted.
Everyone on the island is afraid of it,
so they stay away.
(Ushio shrieking)
So creepy! Places like this
freak me out. I hate ghosts!
Oh. You too?
USHIO: You seem really excited
to go inside.
You sure you want to? Aren't you scared?
Yeah, I'm pretty scared,
but I feel like...
PRESCRIPTIONS
USHIOH: ...this isn't my first time,
like I've been here before.
-(crow squawking)
-(gasps)
Who is it? Who's out there?
(crow squawking)
(foreboding music)
(zaps)
(grunts)
(gasps)
-(static)
-(crow squawking)
USHIO: That's the shadow?
It's got my face!
-(screams)
-Watch out!
What was that?
(groans)
Let go! Damn! What's going on?
USHIOH: Damn it.
Ugh! Let go of her! Let go! Get off!
Let go!
(grunts)
(coughing)
(muffled screaming)
USHIOH: What's happening?
It wasn't my leg that got stabbed!
Oh, I get it now.
That's it, that's the shadow's weakness.
I know that. There's no doubt
that my body felt it.
That means I am not human.
Come back here!
USHIOH: My real body
is just a flat shadow.
(shadow groans)
This body...
It's just a shell to protect my real form.
(panting)
-Are you...
-(gasps)
So what the heck was that?
I don't...
That was amazing,
the whole thing was super cool!
Huh?
(chuckles)
USHIOH: I know, right?
(zaps)
(static)
Wow! It healed.
I just copied the data
from your right foot.
So it's like data to you?
USHIOH: I don't know exactly
how to put it, but yeah, I guess so.
But this copy of the data
will probably disappear.
The original gets deleted
and the copy becomes the original.
Deleted? Does that mean killed?
So you're going to disappear unless I die?
USHIOH: I think so,
I just have that feeling in my head.
Normally, I guess I'm supposed
to kill you to stay alive.
That's why people say...
people say that you'll die
if you see your own shadow.
Shiori is in danger.
We have to do something about it.
USHIO: So you must be
with my shadow right now,
whether you know it or not.
USHIOH: What will Shinpei think
when he finally finds out
that I'm not real?
BOTH: Oh, by the way,
can you tell us apart?
Hey, stop! I'm trying to talk here, okay?
-USHIO: None of this really matters.
-Oh.
Because we're both me.
(gasps)
Ushioh, you two actually tried
to save Shiori together, didn't you?
I remember. I do. I remember now.
(sobbing)
Your memory...
Has... Has it come back?
USHIOH: It's not just my memory.
My power came back too.
SHINPEI: Power?
I want you to see the truth
about the end of my life.
So I'll recreate it for you guys,
as I pull from my memory data.
Let's go to the private beach
behind the school on July 21st.
Oh...
(sighs)
SHINPEI: This place...
SOU: Hey, Shinpei, look over there.
I'm so glad it's sunny!
I know, right?
You know,
this is the perfect weather to study.
-Whoa!
-Perfect weather for swimming!
Hey, Shiori! I heard you can't swim,
like, at all. That's so lame!
Whatever, Hamaji!
You can't even eat mushrooms!
So what if I can't eat them,
that doesn't make me lame, you butthead!
Is that...
No doubt about it. That's us on the 21st.
I need to stop 'em.
Hey! Wait a sec!
(grunts)
SHINPEI: It's pointless.
These are just old images.
We may as well be watching a recording.
We can't interfere with them,
and they can't hear us at all.
That right, Ushioh?
Mm.
Damn it.
Do you remember
where you were around this time?
Come with me.
BOYS: One, two, three, four, five.
(zaps)
USHIOH: You think I've put on some weight
or is it my imagination?
No, don't say that.
It's been bothering me.
SHINPEI: This is where
you copied the swimsuit.
USHIOH: Just watch.
I'll never get near Shiori
if I look like this.
Hey, I have an idea.
Can you turn into this?
USHIOH: Mm-hm.
USHIOH: Okay, well?
USHIO: That's perfect!
I turned myself into the shell necklace,
so that Ushio could wear me.
Before that, I took off the real necklace
and put it away in my pool bag.
-SHIORI: Hey. Hey, Mio.
-Huh?
How can I learn to be
a really good swimmer like you?
Can you teach me? I want to learn how!
Yeah, of course, I can!
Why don't we do a swimming lesson today?
All right, now who wants
to learn how to swim?
Me!
SHINPEI: Shiori.
MIO: That's the spirit!
-Huh? Ahh!
-(chuckles)
Don't worry, I'll protect you,
no matter what.
Huh? What was that, Ushio? Wedding vows?
HAMAJI: What?
MIO: What's wrong?
Akari says she just pooped.
MIO: Uh-oh.
No, I didn't! I just need to go,
-and it's starting to come out!
-MIO: Hey, would you like me to go
with you now?
That's okay.
I'll take her, we'll be back!
Huh?
(tense music)
USHIO: Hey, Shiori?
(both gasp)
What's wrong?
I don't know. I think Shiori's gone.
-Wait, guys, look. Over there!
-(gasps)
USHIOH: Ushio, it's in the water!
I can feel a shadow!
(gasps)
MIO: Tokiko, you take Akari
to the bathroom. Come on, Sou!
SOU: Okay!
(all panting)
Shinpei, did you see
what's happening to Shiori?
Ah, no.
Sorry, this is a memory.
I can't recreate what no one actually saw.
USHIO: Stay back!
Don't try to follow me!
Just leave this to me!
-Ugh!
-(water splashes)
Oh, Sis, wait!
Don't be stupid, Ushio!
What're you thinking?
USHIO: Hang in there, come on, Shiori.
USHIO: That's it.
USHIOH: It's Shiori's shadow!
USHIO: Okay. Here I go.
USHIOH: Right. Leave this to me.
Uh...
(grunts)
(suspenseful music)
SHADOW SHIORI: Stop it.
USHIOH: Ugh!
SHADOW SHIORI: Don't you know that
I chose her? You can't take her.
USHIOH: I can't move.
Come on, I'm so close to the surface,
and Shiori is going to die.
(whimpers)
(grunts)
USHIO: Hurry! Take her! Take Shiori!
(groaning)
USHIOH: Ushio!
You idiot!
USHIO: What are you doing?
Don't stop! Just go!
(Ushio screams)
USHIOH: How am I ever going to return
this kind of favor?
USHIO: Go on...
Leave me.
-SHADOW SHIORI: Hey, stop.
-(whimpers)
I told you to stop.
(gasps)
(ominous music)
(whimpering)
(yelling)
SHADOW SHIORI: Huh. You're defective.
(Ushioh sobbing)
(groaning)
Oh, I feel someone coming.
You really lucked out.
MIO: Shiori.
(Mio gasps)
No!
Ushio!
I'm sorry, Ushio. I couldn't...
I couldn't save Shiori in time.
But I will kill the shadows
right alongside Shinpei.
USHIOH: I'll save everyone
at the summer festival on the 24th.
Is that enough to repay you
for what you did today?
-SHINPEI: Yes, of course, that's enough.
-(Ushioh crying)
SOU: So she pretended
to lose consciousness
and took Shiori's place.
SHINPEI: Yeah.
(grunts)
I hate that damn monster so much.
SHINPEI: Yeah.
I'm going to kill it
with my own two hands.
SHINPEI: Yeah. We already did.
(Sou groans)
God! How can you be so calm?
-SHINPEI: I should've...
-Huh?
I should have done it myself.
Shinpei. I'm sorry.
SHADOW SHIORI: What was that?
Who should have done what now?
(gasps)
(eerie music)
(Shinpei gasps)
I found you.
Hey, Ushioh. Isn't this just an image?
You said they can't touch or hear us.
Wait, what is this? It's not in my memory.
That can't be good. End this, Ushioh!
It took me a long time
to find you after that.
(gasps)
I won't let you get away.
(ominous music)
(gasps)
(panting)
SOU: Are... Are we back?
Shinpei, your arm.
Huh?
(breathes heavily)
SHINPEI: That's right where it grabbed me.
(closing theme music)